[processor/awsapplicationsignalsprocessor] Create No-Op processor skeleton for AWS Application Signals Processor (#33432)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/awsapplicationsignalsprocessor/README.md

# AWS Application Signals Processor

The AWS Application Signals processor is used to reduce the cardinality of telemetry metrics and traces before exporting them to CloudWatch Logs via [EMF](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/exporter/awsemfexporter) and [X-Ray](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/exporter/awsxrayexporter) respectively.

> It reduces the cardinality of metrics/traces via 3 types of actions, `keep`, `drop` and `replace`, which are configured by users. Users can configure these rules through configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It reduces the cardinality of metrics and traces using three types of actions, `keep`, `drop` and `replace`, which are configured by users. Users can configure these rules through configurations.
```

Author: Thanks, committed suggestion.

> Note: Traces support only `replace` actions and are implicitly pulled from the logs section of the configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Traces support only `replace` actions and are implicitly pulled from the logs section of the configuration.
```

Author: Committed suggestion!

> Note: Traces support only `replace` actions and are implicitly pulled from the logs section of the configuration.

Reviewer 2: Could you please include descriptions of the four functioning components for the processor mentioned in this link: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/issues/32808?
